tendril fighting over you
the ladies were being shy think about is
a strip club ladies Jack
every Valentine's Day
but yeah yeah the reason why he's so
popular he drives us the street as they
drive by
yeah like dry humping the street with
inside and it's just funny and everybody
drives by he's the one guy that's
getting the most attention
pretty in shape
isn't the game
rosewood you college
never
cat valentine and the boys use downtime
7 13 watchers excitability the Spurs are
15 years experience Kerry and down the
guys there's no bible you and for you
but your eyes and your vision berkeley i
going to do that they want to cater the
lake
into your eyeballs so you got to get him
in there seven one three five to six
eyes online pass out thank you for
listening to the show and I hope it all
works out so six o'clock tonight when
rod sees you guys we're getting me or
Jessica will be around so just check in
with me and I'll kind of guide you where
you need to go is that way we know that
you're here or you're there you know you
just check in with us and we'll figure
it out from there okay so everybody else
one thing to dominate a free water all
too